## SNMP Simulator

#### Introduction
These small scripts are used to build an SNMP simulator environment, to simulate
some SNMP devices to provide a series of SNMP operations. It's mainly used for
D-View NMS performance testing.

#### Prerequisites
The SNMP simulator is originally built on the following environment.  
* Linux Mint 17 (Qiana)
* perl v5.18.2
* python v2.7.6
* snmpsim v0.2.4

#### Constraints
* SNMP simulators use empty string as SNMP community name.
* SNMP simulators support only part of SNMP requests.

#### Working Environment
* The directory `static` contains some original captured SNMP-Record  files which is READONLY and will not be changed by any scripts.
* The directory `tmp` is auto-generated when start running SNMP
Simulator and it will be re-created each time you start the  
simulator. It contains working data for the simulator, while the
working data is usually generated by some other programs or scripts.

#### Scripts
To make it easy to implement, some scripts are introduced.

* ##### run.sh   
The script to start SNMP Simulator.

* ##### build-multiple-instance-script.sh
This script is used to generate scripts which launched as SNMP simualation instances. 
You can modify some parameters in this script to meet your needs. 
View the beginning of this script to checkout more details.

* ##### build-transport-id.pl  
This script will generated a lot of .snmprec files which stand for
SNMP-Records that used to perform SNMP operations by simulators.

* ##### build-simulator-args.pl  
This script is used to generate a file which contains a series of
arguments for `snmpsimd`.

* ##### mac.pl  
To make each SNMP simulator respond with distinct MAC address, this
script is used to generate MAC according to the transport id of
simulators. So each SNMP simulator will respond with respective MAC
address.

#### How to Run
Navigate to the directory of this project with your terminal. Then
enter the following command to start SNMP simulator with default/predefined settings.   
    `./run.sh`

or  
    1. Run `./build-multiple-instance-scripts.pl` to generate scripts such as 'sim-xxx', ...
    2. Open another shell console and launch SNMP simulation instance with command `./sim-xxx`  


#### Spec & Additional Notes
* Currently support to simulate 10000 devices at most.  
* SNMP simulators use UDP port starting from 50000.  
